Incident: Users not stored into database correctly

Approach:
After being notified by red team that an error has preseneted itself within the system,
blue team accessed our log aggregation tool to try and identify the issue.

Initially nothing seemed out of the ordinary, we therefore split the blue team into two, to try and narrow down the issue:
Blue team 1 focused on our manual user side of operations where as Blue team 2 looked into the API side.
Both teams followed the same checklist to compare action taken and result:
	1. Create user
	2. SignIn (only manual team)
	3. Post message
	4. Follow user & Unfollow user
	5. Access user timeline (only manual team)
BT1 did not encounter any abnormal behavior from the system and the logs correctly identified the expected information logs with no warnings or errors occuring.
BT2 however failed to post messages and follow/unfollow users which lead to suspicions that the problem was API related.
Logs for create message lead to Error 400 Bad request with text "Error", not prompting specific details to act on.
Logs for follow/unfollow however yielded the information that the user we tried to use as the follower, did not exist in the system.
Reperforming steps 3 and 4 for a known user in the system did not return the same errors, prompting the investigation of the user actually having been created in the first place.

Cause:
After looking through the code for the API, Blue team discovered that even though correct user information
was applied through the API, the newly created user was never saved to the database itself without prompting any warning.

Aftermath:
Based on the approach we were able to identify the issue caused by red team,
however the use of logs only lead us to the correct conclusion indirectly.
The group decided to implement additional meassures within the login infrastructure to be able to
more easily assertain similar issues in the future. Issues with identification of userIDs in the database
have therefore been made more explicit in addition to prompting log warnings and errors if new users are not saved to the database successfully.
